ansible-galaxy: update skeleton_ignore parameter docs (#3470)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/galaxy/dev_guide.rst

- copy all files and directories from the skeleton to the new role
- any .j2 files found outside of a templates folder will be rendered as templates. The only useful variable at the moment is role_name
- The ``.git`` folder and any ``.git_keep`` files will not be copied

Alternatively, ``ansible.cfg`` can be used to configure the role skeleton and files to ignore.

.. code-block:: text

  [galaxy]
  role_skeleton = /path/to/skeleton
  role_skeleton_ignore = ^.git$,^.*/.git_keep$,^\./CLAUDE\.md$

The ``role_skeleton_ignore`` option is a list of regular expressions to match files and directories to ignore.

> The regular expressions are matched against the relative path of the file or directory from the skeleton directory.

Reviewer: I think 'relative path' is a bit ambiguous and doesn't clarify the inconsistency.

```suggestion
The regular expressions are matched against directory names and relative file paths. A file in the root in the skeleton directory has the path prefix ``./`` (for example, ``./README.md``), whereas a file in a directory in the skeleton uses the directory name as a prefix (for example, ``plugins/README.md``).
```

My suggestion is probably also confusing and could be rephrased to be better understood, so here's an actual example of what I mean:

skeleton/
├── directory
├── file
└── other_directory
    ├── nested_directory
    └── nested_file

The regular expression to match
-  file is `^\./file$`
- directory is `^directory$`
- other_directory/nested_directory is `^nested_directory$`
- other_directory/nested_file is `^other_directory/nested_file$`

I wonder if including an example like that would help?
